Tor Circumvention UX Experiment: 
-3 settings: 

websites are blocked (DNS), CONNECT == SUCCESS

tor blocked by protocol and ip addresses and websites by (DNS), CHOOSE ANY BRIDGE == SUCCESS

tor blocked by protocol and ip addresses and hard coded bridges are blocked and websites by (DNS)
MEEK OR OWN BRIDGE ADDRESS == SUCCESS 


-follow up with one-on-one interviews for outliers and random participants 
-(? implement an improvement)

Scope: 
- Tor’s configuration dialogue only, with respect to censorship circumvention
! Not in scope: proxies, user trust models, rest of Tor’s UX, anonymity

Data collected: 
-configuration control flow: via video capture
-participants information/feedback: via survey
! Let’s not write extensions or log everything

Analyses: 
- show a markov chain version of the configuration tree, before and after changes
- measure dangerous mistakes, mistakes, time to completion, paths taken, etc. 
- analyze the behaviors of people after-the-fact to see how many would have made a dangerous mistake (observe actions, then see what would have happened in other censorship environments—i.e. they would have not been able to search online for “tor config help,” they would have been blocked and logged that they tried to go to a website so the police will come, etc.)
- qualitative analysis on survey answers 


TASKLIST: (needs to be updated) 
Do a Google web search.
Watch a YouTube video.
Find the Amazon best sellers in the "Movies & TV" category.
On Yahoo, find the exchange rate between dollars and euros.
Click on the featured article in the Wikipedia "History" portal.
Find the Twitter trending topics.
Find directions from Times Square to Carnegie Hall on Bing Maps.

Log into a social media account.
View a page that shows a captcha.



BREIFING: we need to give enough contextual information so that the users will behave in a realistic manner. Since it is very difficult to emulate real-world realism, we will explicitly set up an environment thorough the briefing. After giving the participant a realistic scenario in which they can role-play in, this should purposefully disclose a particular amount of information, talk about any resources, and explicitly discuss any consequences. 



For NOT tor-blocked and website-blocked environments: 

You are in a country where the government has blocked specific websites. Tor is a browser which lets you browse the web anonymously, and also allows you to access censored web page. The government does not know about Tor, so they have not blocked Tor. You can use Tor to browse the web. Imagine that you want to complete the list of following tasks in your country, because these sites are ones that you would like to visit, and are a part of your regular routine. 


For tor-blocked and website-blocked environments: 

You are in a country where the government has blocked specific websites. Tor is a browser which lets you browse the web anonymously, and also allows you to access censored web page. The government knows about Tor, so they have also blocked Tor in your country. However, you can still use Tor with a little bit of configuration, which can hide the fact that you are using Tor to browse the web. Imagine that you want to complete the list of following tasks in your country, because these sites are ones that you would like to visit, and are a part of your regular routine. 



Tor Survey Questions: http://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/2085559/Tor-Usability-Survey/SG_TEST_RUN
